--> ERC20  :    

        . They are basically digital asset.
        . They are used to make digital currencies.
        . Loyalty points.
        . They can be represented as a ownership in a company.
        . ERC20 tokens runs on the Ethereum blockchain. eg: shiba inu coin.
        
        Advantages : 
           
           . No need to create their own blockchain.
           . Reduce cost maintanance of the blockchain.
           
           
   ERC20 : it stands for Ethereum Request for comment and 20 is just a unique ID.
   
         . It basically defines the set of rules to the developer that should be followed so that exchage should be made easier.
         . Following these standards make the life of the developer easier as it can be more compatible for exchanges and Dapps.
         
       
       Digital currency => shiba innu
       loyalty points => mata
       stable coins => These are the coins which are equal to a standard currency. Eg- dei
       
       
   - How are ERC20 tokens are made ?
   . It is basically a smart contract which is mostly written in solidity language.
   . Whenver we deploy any ERC20 token on the ethereum blockhain we have to pay gas fees and whenever we made any ERC token transaction then we have
     to pay ether.
   . In this we have 6 obligant rules and 3 optional rules.
   
     . 6 obligant rules : 
         1.) Total supply : How much is the total supply of our token.
         2.) balanceOf : To get the balance.
         3.) Transfer : This is used to transfer token from ano address to another.
         4.) TransferFrom :from to amount
         5.) approval
         6.) allowances
         
     . 3 optional rules :
      
         1. Name 
         2. Symbol
         3. Decimal : upto how many decimals we want ( generally in ERC20 toekn we write decimals upto 18 decimals ).
         
         
         
    --> Drawbacks of ERC20 tokens:   
    
        . Very high gas fees.
        . When there is a load on ethereum blockchain then  transaction becomes slow.
        . In ERC20 there is a bug in transfer that is let suppose we are transferring certain tokens to a dapp and the dapp if the dapp have no approval
          then our tokens will lost.
   
    
